Q.  What is Service Catalog ?
A.  Catalog to provide users with self service options.
    Portal where users can request different services provided by different business unit in the organization.
    Used to support request management.



Q.  What is Terms & Roles?
A.  Terms - 
    Excution Plans - It defines how something gets delivered.
    Excution Plan Tasks - It represent a step in the excution plan, they are associated with a fulfillment group, & have an approximate duration.
    Fullfillment Groups - It is a work execution tasks. For ex - One group can activate a cell phone while different group installs the desktop software.
    Tickets - Tickets represent work done by Fullfillment groups as a part of an excution plans.

    Roles - 
    Admin - It has all access of servicenow so they can also manage service catalog. So we don't have to provide any additional role for admin.
    Catalog-Admin - So the person we will have like catalog admin who will have administrative role for service catalog.
    Catalog-Manager - It can manage or update the service catalog so this catalog manager so its not admin for whole catalog service application.
    Catalog-Editor - It is one who can edit and update the service catalog as well as you can also update the categories and catalog items within that catalog.



Q.  What is Catalog?
A.  Catalog is a page where user can see different services for different categories & request those items.
    Section to onboard different items for request.
    Multiple service catalogs enable your organization to offer different sets of service to different teams within the organization, such as IT service, Human service and Facilities management.



Q.  What are categories?
A.  Categories organizes catalog items in logical groups.
    Ex - IT, Finance, HR.
    Catalog Item can be tagged to multiple categories.



Q.  What is Dynamic Categories?
A.  Dynamic Categories let you organize and display commonly requested items and knowledge articles.



Q.  What is Catalog Item?
A.  Catalog Item is good or service available to order from the service catalog.
    Items can be hardware request, software request and installation, mobile, laptop, office accessories.
    Items can also have pricing.
    User input variables and workflow are added to catalog Item.
    Types of Catalog Items - 
    Record Producer - 
    Order Guides -  
    Content Items - 


Q.  What are Variables?
A.  Service Catalog variables capture and pass on information about choices a customer makes when ordering a catalog item.
    Variables are user input or information displayed to the user for the catalog item.
    Types of Variable - 
    Break - 
    Chexkbox - 
    Date - 
    Date/Time - 
    Duration - 
    Email - 
    HTML - 
    IP Address - 
    Label - 
    List Collector - 
    Look Up Multiple Choice - 
    Look Up Select Box - 
    Macro - 
    Masked - 
    Multi-line Text - 
    Multiple Choice - 
    Numerical Value - 
    Refrence - 
    Select Box - 
    Single Line Text - 
    UI Page - 
    URL - 
    Wide Single-Line Text - 
    Yes/No - 



Q.  What is Variable Attribute?
A.  Attributes transform the behaviour of the variable.
    max_length=10
    max_unit=hours
    glide_list
    ref_ac_column=email,user_name-[refrence]
    ref_equal_elements
