Ques asked by Me- 
What is views & views Rule?




Q.  How many ways Incident record can be created/inserted in ServiceNow?
A.  Manual.
    Record Producers.
    Employee Self Service.
    Inbound email actions.
    Importing an XML/Excel etc and transforming the data.
    Server Side Scripts( BR,WF,FIX SCRIPTS, background scripts etc)
    Using Rest or Soap



Q.  If you want to create new list in related list?
A.  By Relationships table.



3.  Which service in ServiceNow remains visible to users regardless of whether any role is assigned to it or not?
A.  Self service or service catalog.



4.  What is reference qualifiers, its types & Where can we use it.
A.  



5.  If we want to see all servicenow tables like incident, problem, change, knowledge.
A.  sys_db_object.list



6.  How many ways we can access fields in servicenow?
A.  sys_dictionary.list
    incident.list -> column menu -> configure -> table -> column -> category.
    incident.form -> right click particular field -> configure dictionary.



7.  In how many ways we can create a new Field?
A.  Form Builder
    Table





















1.relationship btw incident and problem
2.how to create standard change?
3.life cycle of the emergency change and explain each and every state
4.prevent user to change state (user can not go into previous state) - scripting
5.script action
6.transform script type and transform event and execution 
7.coalesce field (if we applied on the multiple field then what will happen?)
8.integration (scripted rest api and rest message)
9.authentication
10.ng-template
11.how to send data server to client (portal)
12.async and after BR diff
13.event method and event schedule 
14.table name  of standard change 
15.validation when we submit form (how will you do)
16.what is glideAjax
17. how many ways to open modal? (can we use glidemodal on portal)
18.scripting question (creating nested obj)
How to set value in a field with the help of ui policy without script
2. what are the ui actions and what's the use of it
3. what's the data management and user management 
3. what's the best practice for role assign
4. print the incident record on the basis of priority 
5. types of client script
6. types of business rules
7. what's the script include and what's the use of it
8. write code for script include and call it in client script
9. what's the best practice for business rules
10.  types of acl
11. what's the acl and what's the use of it
12. how serviceNow checks on which role what to show
13. how to hide modules without changing role of the user
14. how to create new application module
15. how to create child table
16. how to extend table
17. how will do that this module visible only a specific user
 18. types of business rules
1. UI Policy & client script differences and their benefits over each other.
2. UI actions, its usage, condition field, Workspaces section
3. UI actions script- how to segregate client side portion and server side portion
4. Ways to trigger notifications
5. How to make any incident field anchor element (like incident number on listing page)
6. What are views? how to make different views for different roles ?
7. In how many ways we can update multiple records in incident table whose category is software to other category ?
8. What is service catalog ? Workflows, Flows difference.
9. Glide Aggregate question to count "software" category & group by category and count of each.
why visibilty is not there in data policy
what is use of parent field in user group
what is better glide Ajax or g_scratchpad and why
types of ACl and one screnario based question based on that
how to create reference links and fields in any form
what is role required for ACL
Can we used two times dot walk to fetch caller manager name
what is datalookuprules
what is gsftsubmit
can admin override security admin role for acl
order of execution of business rule,client script,ui policy
how task realted links to create in form
how to create view rule
What is turnstile workflow activity?
what is rollback in workflow




Integration & ITSM

Integration
what is rest message
what is table api
what is import set api
scripted rest and soap api
connection and credientals
types of authentication
mid server
attachement in rest messaage
refresh token and access token where they store in serviceNow table name
application registory
error handling in integration
 
 
Itsm
 
flow designer
sub flow
rest step
soap step
error handling in flow designer
change lifecycle
problem lifecycle
incident lifecycle
catalog
record producer
order guide
transform map
concurrent transform map
notification push provider notification 
email template

  What is difference between path parm and Query parm
  Diff between Rest Message and Rest Script.   ( Which one is Inbound or Outbound)
  What we do in Rest Script and Rest Message
  How many ways to send a Notification
  (Write a background script to send a notification)
  ( What is Event in detail)
 You are Business owner and you have an incident now on resolved state caller will get one notification and on other state he will get 3 notification (on different time intervals) after 24 hours incident will automatically closed and at that time caller will  get notification. What will be the best approach in this case.
 When we create incident, we have parent incident and multiple child incidents. At the time of parent incident creation or updation in child incident also that value will be reflected with alert
How can the refresh token generation process be automated for end users (Dynamically)?
What is the difference between a refresh token and an access token?
explain the difference between incident and problem management in ServiceNow.
controlling UI actions based on user roles. (eg. Itil_admin has only access to create new incident)
the importance of configuration items
How to create problem in incident 
Spotify Integration in detail
 Service Catalog in detail
 Change lifecycle
 Incident lifecycle
Problem lifecycle
 Inbound v/s Outbound
 Rest v/s Soap
How to map Reference field in ebounding integration
Diff between access and refresh token
What happen when access token get expired
Where does access and refresh token get store
Diff ways to map the data while doing inbound integration
Relative path in scripted rest api
steps being involve while sending data from servicenow to 3rd party
Bidirectional recursion loop (Hint: isInteractive)
Transform function in flow designer
How to get access to variable using script
How can we restrict the visibility of catalog item ( Hint : User Criteria)
How can we create problem or incident from change
CAB vs ECAB
Close problem whenever all its problem task get resolved
In ServiceNow in email notification, inside the body how we can made ServiceNow url dynamic.  Explain If Yes or Not, why 


